    Computer Science fascinates me; everything is run by computers these days and
I'd like to know how they work. The way computers are programmed and the
thinking required to make them do even simple things is something I would like
to study and continue with. My current academic choices are a result of my liking 
to know how things work, and I feel a good grounding in those subjects lends itself 
to being able to come up with realistic programs. It helps that I find them 
interesting, as like most people, I do the best work in subjects in which I'm 
interested.

    Over the summer of 2014 I had an internship at the Center For Digital Innovation in Hull, during which 
I created a website that allows people to upload pictures and be presented with a
geographical map of those pictures. I had to learn and implement all of the necessary 
skills to do so myself, locate and use libraries, as well as coming up with functions 
to help me in this task and setting up the front and back end. Moreover, I 
spent that time around coders and designers, which gave me an insight into the 
development process and some of the issues that are faced when trying to create a 
piece of software or a website.

    I also attend monthly Arduino meetups, where challenges are set, and I find
it fun to try to complete them in as few lins of code as possible. I've gone through
Codecademy courses on Python, HTML & CSS, PHP, and JavaScript, which have given
me a good base to work from in terms of learning other languages.

    I enjoy presenting information to groups; I and a friend won an award for
presenting an idea for a University to our peers and teachers. I also took part
in an in-class support scheme helping Year 7 students in English. As well,
another task I was set during my time at the Center For Digital Innovation was researching and preparing
a presentation on smart cities, some ideas from which will make their way into
Hull's planning to become one.

    Problem solving is an area in which I find fun; I was part of our Sixth
Form's Senior UKMT team, which involved working around mathematical problems
logically.

    To summarise, I like computers. I like telling them to do things that would
take a human a week and watching them do it in a second. I like understanding
how they work, and trying to guess at the bits I don't understand. And I don't
think I know enough about them.



Jack Ellis
